draft.md, before:

# *Know*

[basic writing and formatting syntax](https://help.github.com/articles/basic-writing-and-formatting-syntax/).

# *Remember*

1. A walk at dawn.
    Sunday, September 10th, 2017.
    
    Coffee tastes better when Autumn rolls in with the fog. There's someone smoking pot (revolting). These are notes to keep me thinking. They've been written as if I wrote them then but they've been written now. Time is a funny thing. I did tai chi when I woke up. I only know the one routine but it helps wake my body up. I'm contemplating how particulate matter such as forestfiresmoke might mix with morningfog, and due to the rain I don't believe the forestfiresmoke will be a problem. There's hurricanes. There's a movie called The Day After Tomorrow. We're on fire. They're drowining. And lot of other shit in between. The world is a funny thing. I'm not so tired today. I took vitamin B. I should get in the habit. I dislike marijuana a great deal. The smell makes me gag. I imagine the smoke, invisible, to be a green colour. From outside I can see the people that live in the apartment beneath mine. They have a marijauna plant on their balcony. Obtuse. Someone's coughing wet. I don't want to live in a city any more. Give me deep woods or rushing brine. Give me the songs of birds in the morning but take back the traffic and the erratic gusts of smoke. We rely on plants to survive but plants get on well without us. Possibly I will become a flower. I'm going back to bed. 
    

# *Compose*

>### Genre: n/a
>### Topic: n/a

Cricket goes to town. Cricket buys some apples. Cricket goes to the pastures. Cricket feeds apple slices to the ostrich. Cricket returns home. Cricket goes to bed. Cricket dreams: of the prince leaving his father's palace to eat at Denny's because they'll give out a free breakfast on birthdays. Cricket wakes up: puts on her bra then takes it off and dresses without it. Cricket has coffee and asks big questions. Is Cricket really Cricket? How can Cricket tell? The ostrich could be the real Cricket, for all Cricket knows. But no, the ostrich's name is Geraldine.

Geraldine wakes up before dawn. Geraldine walks the perimeter of her fenced area. Geraldine anticipates the highlight of her day will be seeing Cricket. Geraldine itches her knees on her favorite metal gate-latch. Geraldine fears Cricket will not appear before noon. Geraldine worries: Is Geraldine ever going to see Cricket again? How can Geraldine be sure that Cricket is okay? Geraldine is an ostrich of action. Today Geraldine must bring apples to Cricket.

Commit message:

added a list of words to keep safe

draft.md, after:

# *Know*

[basic writing and formatting syntax](https://help.github.com/articles/basic-writing-and-formatting-syntax/).

# *Remember*

1. A walk at dawn.
    Sunday, September 10th, 2017.
    
    Coffee tastes better when Autumn rolls in with the fog. There's someone smoking pot (revolting). These are notes to keep me thinking. They've been written as if I wrote them then but they've been written now. Time is a funny thing. I did tai chi when I woke up. I only know the one routine but it helps wake my body up. I'm contemplating how particulate matter such as forestfiresmoke might mix with morningfog, and due to the rain I don't believe the forestfiresmoke will be a problem. There's hurricanes. There's a movie called The Day After Tomorrow. We're on fire. They're drowining. And lot of other shit in between. The world is a funny thing. I'm not so tired today. I took vitamin B. I should get in the habit. I dislike marijuana a great deal. The smell makes me gag. I imagine the smoke, invisible, to be a green colour. From outside I can see the people that live in the apartment beneath mine. They have a marijauna plant on their balcony. Obtuse. Someone's coughing wet. I don't want to live in a city any more. Give me deep woods or rushing brine. Give me the songs of birds in the morning but take back the traffic and the erratic gusts of smoke. We rely on plants to survive but plants get on well without us. Possibly I will become a flower. I'm going back to bed.
    
    ### words to keep safe
    - magnolia
    - confluence
    - spindle
    

# *Compose*

>### Genre: n/a
>### Topic: n/a

Cricket goes to town. Cricket buys some apples. Cricket goes to the pastures. Cricket feeds apple slices to the ostrich. Cricket returns home. Cricket goes to bed. Cricket dreams: of the prince leaving his father's palace to eat at Denny's because they'll give out a free breakfast on birthdays. Cricket wakes up: puts on her bra then takes it off and dresses without it. Cricket has coffee and asks big questions. Is Cricket really Cricket? How can Cricket tell? The ostrich could be the real Cricket, for all Cricket knows. But no, the ostrich's name is Geraldine.

Geraldine wakes up before dawn. Geraldine walks the perimeter of her fenced area. Geraldine anticipates the highlight of her day will be seeing Cricket. Geraldine itches her knees on her favorite metal gate-latch. Geraldine fears Cricket will not appear before noon. Geraldine worries: Is Geraldine ever going to see Cricket again? How can Geraldine be sure that Cricket is okay? Geraldine is an ostrich of action. Today Geraldine must bring apples to Cricket.
